Sir, would you state your full name and date and
place of birth? My name is Robert Burns Bossler and
I was born in Saxton, a little town in
Pennsylvania, on November 15, 1894. And would you
give your full name and date and place of birth?
Mary Fisher Bossler, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania,
June the 8th, 1891. Thank you. Sir, would you give
us a brief biographical statement of your early
experiences and education. Include as much as
you'd like. I was, I was graduated from the
University of Pittsburgh in 1918. I received a
degree of petroleum engineer. At that time it was a
new degree and I was among the first 12 to receive
that degree in the United States. He also had the
diploma sent to camp, where he was in service, and
it is a cum laude degree. It was a cum laude, and as
you said, I was in the, in the May of 1918, I went into
the Army Engineers, and I came out of that in
December of 1918 as a second lieutenant of
engineers, so it Well the graduation services
were held in June. I was in camp and they did send the
diploma to Camp Lee, but I think a lot of these
incidental things are just embroidery, but not
very vastly important. But after that, after
graduation, I worked in the oil industry and my
experience covers a wide range of largely in
production and in a department of production
called secondary recovery. I worked in the
eastern fields and in some of the western fields
where the field, the particular pools were
exhausted by normal production methods and we
stimulated the production rate by the injection
of gas or air or water and in many cases we recovered
in 10-12 years as much as they had recovered by
primary production in 20 or 30 years. So, we did
right well in the production of crude oil. My
company, the last company I worked for was located
in Oil City, Pennsylvania. We had operations in
and around that part of Pennsylvania, but also in
West Virginia and Kentucky and Oklahoma, some
little in Texas, but not much and Kansas, and very
largely in Kansas and I had a boss who was single and
he was very tax conscious and he had no heirs and he
wanted, except his nieces and nephews, So he
wanted to liquidate the company, which he
proceeded to do in a very expert manner. What was
the name of the company? Brundred,
B-R-U-N-D-R-E-D, Brundred Oil Corporation in
Oil City, Pennsylvania. And in course of the work,
I had received stock in lieu of salary increases.
During the war, they weren't allowed to increase
salaries. So to keep everybody happy, they
started giving me stock in the company. So when the
liquidation occurred, I came out of it with a quite
sizable bunch of stock, which was worth to me a
fairly large sum of money, but it did terminate the
company. When was this? That was in 1954. And you
had worked for them how long? Nineteen years.
Nineteen years. And at that time there was a
position of head of the Pennsylvania Grade Crude
Oil Association Research Laboratory became
vacant and this was an organization set up to try to
stimulate the recovery of oil from the
Pennsylvania grade fields. Those are fields
located in New York, Pennsylvania, West Virginia
and Eastern Ohio. Our job was to try to find ways of
increasing the recovery and this laboratory had
been going on for a number of years. This position
became vacant and we moved up to Bradford on a
temporary basis. We kept our home in Oil City and
took an apartment in Bradford and I was there about
a year, a little over a year, and I got this call from
Mr. Whiting, and a letter from him asked me if I
would come down and look at the job of teaching here
at Texas A&M. And I came down in October of 55, yeah,
October of 55, and then in about December, I guess,
I said yes, I would like to come and try it. So I
arrived in College Station on January 1st, 1956. I
would have arrived December 31st, but I had a
grandchild born on the night of December 31st
after midnight, actually the first child born in
the new year. So we stayed there till the daylight
and came on down here on the 1st of January. But I had
one recollection that I certainly never will
forget because When I got in the Edge of Bryan, I
called up Bob Whiting and told him where I was and he
told me how to come on ahead. We got over here to the
East Gate and it was a beautiful warm day, January
1st, and he was standing there in his shirt and
sleeves and he saw me coming and got the car stopped
and he said, welcome to Texas. And you could hear it
for a block, you know. It was a marvelous thing to
get a welcome like that. Did you know him from
someplace before you? No, no. How did he learn of
you? From a Dr. Paul Torrey in Austin and Dr. George
Fancher. Dr. George Fancher was head of the
department, petroleum department at Austin, the
University of Texas at Austin and Paul Torrey had
been active in the Pennsylvania great area and we
had remained in contact through all the years and
Paul Torrey is a very strong supporter and
advocate of the patrolling department of Texas
A&M. He is giving the department all of his books
and all of his accumulated library and he's been a
friend of the of the department for for over all
time and he he told Whiting about me and George
Fancher told Whiting about me and my experience
and background The position was to teach
petroleum engineering economics and petroleum
engineering management and my background since I
had come up to, I started out as an engineer and I
joined the Brunnerdorf Corporation as an
engineer but by the time 1954 came around I was a
member of the board, secretary of the corporation
and chief engineer and a whole lot of things like
that and Having reached that level in the company,
I had a great deal of experience in wheeling and
dealing and accumulating land and disposing of
land and made a considerable study of oil company
taxation problems and in connection with the
liquidation of the corporation, we had to do a
great deal of groundwork in discovering the
methods that would result in the least taxation.
So that my background in these various phases made
me, I say in all modesty, it made me quite well
prepared for that particular area of teaching.
This was to be your first teaching experience?
Yeah, this was the first teaching experience. Did
you approach this with any apprehension? to
teaching? Indeed I did. They did this for me. They
had 64 seniors. I taught seniors and I had a great
regard for petroleum engineering seniors and I
had in certain areas, I hadn't cracked a book in 30
years. I, you talk about the word trepidation, I
was it all over. What, could you give me an idea of
what made you decide to come to Texas, even though
you had the letter and what made you decide to
finally come to Texas? Had you ever been here
before? Yeah, I had been in Texas in connection
with the war, but I'd never been to Texas A&M. I'd
never been to College Station. No, there's
another factor to the matter. John Calhoun was
then, well he was the Head of the petroleum
engineering department at State College,
Pennsylvania State College. And then he came down
to Texas as- You had taken some graduate work with
him. I had taken some work with John Calhoun at
State College. I see. And he was down here, he first
came down here as dean of engineering and then he
moved on to something else and he's up there as a
vice president now. Yes. But he was here.
Well I felt that I wanted to teach but I wanted to do
something for the industry and this looked like a
good way to do it. The industry had been pretty darn
good to me and I felt that if there was some way and
this looked like a very beautiful opportunity
where I could by teaching students and passing on
some of my experience and background and general
philosophy that I could do a little good. I wish you
could have heard it. Yesterday afternoon, a young
fellow, we were at a wedding, and this boy was also a
guest, and he came up and spoke to Bob by name and
thanked him for what he had learned from him at
school and told how the various things that he had
told them that they had gotten together and
discussed them for two weeks. This was a special
talk I'd given to one group after I'd quit
teaching. Of course, that made us both beam. I
think so. That's marvelous. That's one of the big
satisfactions I've had. It's a real dividend.
I've had a couple of those. But there aren't very
many of them. But this was completely out of blue
sky. There we were at this wedding yesterday, and
the boy comes up and asked if I was Mr. Bossler. He
said his name was Garcia. And I had made him a talk
someplace, and I don't recall where it was. But he
said, we talked and we discussed what you said for
two weeks after you were there. I must have made
some sort of an impression. Could you tell me what
your first impressions or recollections are of
the school when you first got here, what you
thought? Well, the school was in a little bit of
upheaval because of Dr. Morgan because he was
advocating voluntary military and he was
advocating departure from some of the quote
traditions we have around here and He was not very
popular and things were a bit of an uproar, but I was
not in contact. One of the first people that
Whiting took me to meet was Dr. Morgan and I was
greatly impressed because he was a very pleasant
and knowledgeable man and I'm sure he was quite
able man judging from the jobs he's held since. But
my impressions were pretty solidly related to the
department. because I just had to buckle right
down and learn and relearn and unlearn a lot of
things that I had acquired over the lifetime and
try to come up to date and try to do a good job and I
think I did, but it took an awful awful lot of work. I
just come home from school with my head down and my
feet flat on the floor from there Midnight and the
next day the same and I had to I had to get my, they
gave me a month. I came in January 1st and class
started February 1st so I had a month to get my feet
on the floor. But the impression of the department
is something I really feel great about and I like to
tell about it because in the entire period that I
was there I never heard one member of the faculty
make a derogatory remark about another one,
privately or publicly or anything else. You know
in many departments in the company where I was,
this was certainly not so. There was backbiting
and infighting and there was that squabbling of
galore and but here at the department, honest to
John, nobody ever said anything to me about
another member that they wouldn't say to their
face, you know. And it was just so, so different
from what it was in the company, that it made a deep
and certainly lasting impression on me. And all
the while I was there, nobody ever said anything.
And it could easily have been done, because we had
some PhDs and we had some that were just BS's and I
just had equivalent of a BS, and yet If I run into a
problem, some of them my mathematics were rusty as
could be, I run into a problem and they were,
practically everybody from whiting down would
just drop what they were doing and clarify the
thing for me. The most sympathetic was Paul
Crawford and Bill Hammocks. Dan Bass was an
extremely brilliant young man. and he could make
these giant strides in mathematics and I just
couldn't follow, but Bill Amex, Paul Crawford
would sit down and go through it step by step by step
by step and show me the way. I always appreciated
that very much. Unfortunately, Bill Amex died and
Dan Bass moved out to Colorado School of Mines
Whiting was very patient and very, very good
instructor. He was just great when he would take
the time to explain something. And he gave me lots
of leeway. He said, when you're in that classroom,
it's yours. He said, don't ask me what to do. It's
your job. I said, I'm not telling you what to do. So
we got along real good. The books, he had the
seniors prepare At the end of the term,
I overheard one man telling another that that book
would be, that treatise, that subject that he had
been working on, was worthy of a Ph.D., Oh no, it
wasn't PhD work, but it was pretty good work. We had
an annual report we had to make, and I'd give them a
problem on property evaluation. I'd give them the
raw data and say, what's the property worth?
We got values that varied two or three hundred
percent, but it didn't worry me at all. I said, all I
want to know is whether you have the method,
whether you know the procedures. your absolute
answer isn't greatly important to me, unless it's
200 million or something like that, which is
utterly absurd, but they, all I was asked, and they
put them up in hardback binding, you know, and they
were very proud. That passes a dissertation. They
were so valuable that some of the good ones were
actually stolen by some of the people who wanted to
have them in their life. library. They stole the
Goodman. I was kind of simple-minded. I didn't
hand them back, this is yours and this is yours and
this is yours. I put them out on the table and told
them to pick theirs up and tell them what they
picked up. Picked up the Goodman's and the man who
had produced the Goodman's, he came to me and said,
mine's gone. All I could leave was sorrow. But be
that as may, the department was a very closely
knit, cohesive group, and I pretty much drowned in
coffee the first couple of months, because
Whiting would say, let's go have a cup of coffee.
Well, he was saying, well, let's go have a faculty
meeting, and they'd do it over a cup of coffee, and
he discussed all the faculty problems, and he'd
sometimes have an agenda that long accomplish
over a cup of coffee, and I'd say, you're never
going to finish that, and he said, what do you bet?
But it was very, very closely knit, cohesive
group, and everybody knew what was going on
because of this, and everybody had a part in what
was going on, and it was a very marvelous
department. I think there's no department on the
campus anywhere, anytime, ever equal to that. You
talked of... President Morgan's problems and the
upheaval. Could you tell us whether the
resentment against him was from the students or
the faculty or the exes? My understanding is it
came from the exes and the board of directors. Who
were exes anyway. Huh? Who were probably exes
anyway. Yeah.
Many things he stood for happen now. I didn't know
many of the students. I didn't know very many of the
faculty, but my feeling was conveyed to me in my own
impressions. There was very little trouble
underneath. It all came from above.
Ms. Bosser, could you tell us your first
impressions on arriving here? Oh my. Yes. The lady
that came to our motel, Bob Whiting had arranged
for us to stay until we found a place, came to pick me
up and had a pansy that grew in her front yard in her
collar. And that made a big impression on me. Did
you find the people friendly to you? Very
friendly. My next door neighbor came in and I have
some little old cookies and one way come in for a cup
of coffee and found out that she belonged to the
same church that I had belonged to as a Methodist
and said that the ladies were having a meeting the
next night and could I go along and I got acquainted
with friends that are still good warm friends
right now they uh Very, very pleasant. She hunted
houses, and she'd go out with a real estate dealer
and line up three or four, and after school I'd go
out.
Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh. Finally, we came to this one.
We had been living in an apartment. Our home was in
Oil City, but it was a furnished apartment. I had to
have my cooking utensils and dishes and bed linen
and so forth. And we just had that packed in our car.
And she found us a rented furnished apartment here
that was available to people that owned it were in
California. And that was down on Gilchrist Street
in North Gilchrist. And then she was the one then
that was interested in finding a permanent home.
She knew that was temporary. And 1st of March,
by the 1st of March, we knew we were going to live
here. I think we moved in the 1st of April. 1st of
March. 1st of March we moved in? Yeah, we moved in
the 1st of March. January, February, we were
hunting houses. I came and saw this when it was
occupied. It had been built about six months
before we got here, October or so, the year before,
55.
I saw this and the trees and the possibilities. It
was raw mud and no driveway, no patio, no nothing.
And the mailbox was in a tree that stood in the
middle of the street out here. The page just paved
around the tree, I think. But when we walked out of
it, I said, this is what we want. So we were very
happy with everything. Of course, there weren't
as many houses available then as there are now to
look at. Oh, it was a terrible search. Well, there
were quite a few to look at, though. And I'm still
very glad that we didn't take any of the rest of
them. It's a nice place. It's a marvelous place,
and its trees are worth a fortune. Yeah. There were
40 trees on the lot. And then the lot next door was
unoccupied, of course. And some people had gotten
an architect to draw up plans to build a house on
that. It's comparatively a narrower lot. I think
90 feet was all. And that would put a driveway right
up by these windows. So we turned around, bought
that lot, and later sold half of it. So
it gave us a lot more trees. I haven't any idea now
just how many trees we're doing. The edge of the
property is about 60 feet from that roof line
there. Well, the trees shade your house. Should
keep your air conditioning bill down a little bit.
That's right. We have a smaller air conditioner
than this house and the glass and so on would
require because we are shaded, and it's a big
asset. Now you've talked about some of the people
you were closely associated with. Could you
mention any more? Mention the people in your
department. Well, there was Amex, Bass, and
Whiting. They had just written a book. And then
there was John Pettigo. and Harvey Kennedy.
Harvey Kennedy was a distinguished professor who
came down here from the Gulf Research Laboratory
in Pittsburgh. He was exclusively for graduate
students and some seniors. He was a very fine, very
able man. He made a lasting impression on a lot of
students. I got into the graduate student
business that first spring. I had some graduate
students too. They said that was a greater honor
than being in the Sigma Psi. That's all there was at
that time. And Dr.
Kennedy and myself. I mentioned Bass. And then
later we got Hank Ramey and he left and Joe Ossaba
and then Bill McGuire came and Doug
Vaughn-Gaunton. I had him as an undergraduate
student and some graduate courses. Now he's back
with a Ph.D. teaching and he's doing very well.
Pretty much assistant to Bob Whiting, I think, in
most of the things. But that's all the people that
have been in the department. Oh, we had another
called him a schlock, S-C-H-L-A-U-D-T. I had him
as an undergraduate and then some graduate
courses and he stayed on and got his Ph.D. but then
he went out to work for Shell. Apparently doing all
right there. He looked like a permanent student,
you know, he was around there for about eight years
or nine. Who would you recall outside of the
department? Any other people you might have been
closely associated with outside the department
that you recall?
Well, yes, there's some people in the allied
disciplines. Geology, for instance. There was
Shirley Lynch, head of the department, head of the
department, head of the geology department. And
Parker, Travis Parker and Clay Seward and Horace
Blank was just about to retire.
He has since retired, and I've been quite close to
him ever since retirement because we have a mutual
interest in the Gem and Minerals Club. As
far as his retiring is concerned, when he reached
the age to retire, they... board of directors
voted an extra year for him, and then the next June,
there's still another year. Well, they couldn't
after that, so when they needed him again, it was a
distinguished professor for a while, but he had a
hard time retiring. Yeah, I was officially
retired and went up on the stage, you know, and got
the little certificate, and then Whiting was
teaching my courses and he got into a crack with
some other work that he was doing and would I come
back that spring of 63. That was after your second
retirement. Spring of 63 and teach my old course
again. I actually taught an extra semester after I
graduated. After I retired. I guess in other
departments, J.G. McGuire, his neighbor over
here, and he's the associate dean of engineering
now. He was another one that I felt acquainted
with. By the way, he was a voted emeritus. Yeah, I
had an emeritus status.
What were some of the more outstanding problems
and situations which confronted you or were
confronted by you or by the college during your
association with it? Well, the problem
confronting me was to equip myself to teach those
boys and prepare an outline for the course and then
accumulate the the teaching materials and so on
that I had to have for the course. That was the
outstanding problem the first year. Of course, I
rewrote the course outline and the course
notebook I think about three times in the five
years that I, five or six years I was teaching, but
the first one was to come in from industry and start
teaching and do a credible job and earn my money.
And to give the boys 60 minutes worth of time each
hour, I say I was so busy doing that I had very little
contact with what was going on outside of the
department.
What do you regard as the more important
accomplishments of A&M Beringer Association?
Oh, I would say first growth, but I think that
growth should follow something else. I think that
the accomplishment that brought about the growth
was the de-accenting the military and making it
voluntary and the opening up the schools to the
colored and opening up the schools to the women.
When we were first here, we had a big problem. There
was some Sigma Xi owners that belonged to Sigma Xi
Scientific Society or Research Society down at
Prairie View. What would we do if they came up here
to a meeting because they were probably, there was
just no provision for anything. A colored man come
here to sing and he couldn't stay in the MSC. He
couldn't get his hair cut here in this town. He just
had a horrible time and I certainly give old LBJ
credit because one time he was scheduled to come
here and he said if there's going to be any trouble
with the blacks or any trouble at all, just count me
out. He said I want to see some black people there.
and that's when it opened up.
Early graduation services, you'd see two or three
back rows in the back of the G. Raleigh White and
that's where the few colored people sat. That's
where they stayed. They came in and sat down. The
basketball games, they had to stay up. In our own
section. Even a public performance like a
basketball game, they had to go clear way back up
there in the back and LBJ said, there'll be none of
that and if you want me to come, of course it was
understood that if he canceled out for some reason
like that, it was going to be a lot of, a lot of fuss
and feathers about why he canceled out So, I think
that his influence was largely, very largely, his
influence contributed largely to the admission
of colored and minority groups. We always had
Spanish, we always had Spanish, there was lots of
them here, but colored, no, until about the time I
was leaving here, leaving the campus. And those
things,
de-accenting the military and the admission of
the colored and the admission of women, I think
that has resulted in the growth. Also, I think that
being a state institution and by some hook or
crook, they've managed to keep fees, fees and
tuition low, so a lot of people can come here, even,
even they can come, out-of-state boys can come
here at less expense than they can go to their own,
within their own states, and these things have
resulted in attracting a lot of people here. They,
of course, the greatest, the greatest thing, of
course, is the absolute magnificent influx of
minds and researchers and scholars that have been
encouraged to come here. The level of scholarship
among the faculty is really great and it has been
growing and been improving. It's far and away
above the level it was in 56. Far and away above the
level it was when I came here with the addition of
these these scholars, scholarly people,
researchers, specialists in their line, that to
my mind has been even more outstanding than the
numbers.
The numbers are very gratifying, but I think the
level of scholarship among the faculty, and just
to see the list of the papers, it is fortnightly
that passed around here. the list of subjects that
are being published and researched and the honors
that are acquired by the faculty. It's really a
marvelous thing. I don't know too much about many
other faculty campuses, but certainly been a very
great improvement in that area. Do you think maybe
we could, we might be carrying growth a little too
far? They're estimating 22,000 next fall. I
certainly think there's a definite limit to how
big we want to be, how big we should be, and I think
we're getting there pretty darn rapidly. I
couldn't see this continuous growth, 30, 40,
50,000. That's utterly beyond I think it should be
divided up into smaller schools. You become too
machine-like, too...
the pupil-professor, pupil-teacher
relationships can't exist when you get too big. I
wish it would stop now. I wish it would stop sooner.
I think it's big enough. I think many people, I
found this in With many of the interviews I've done
already, people think that we're big enough,
maybe a little bigger than we ought to be. Yeah,
because the people relationship to the faculty,
it just can't possibly be where there's so many
people. What do you feel were some of the greatest
weaknesses or failures, lost opportunities or
misdirections of the university during your
association with it? I just had nothing to say on
that because as I say I had my nose to grindstone and
so concerned with the departmental affairs that I
had no... Would you say possibly losing Dr. Morgan
might have set us back? It did in the mind of some of
us set us back. 10 or 15 years. Well I think the
things that he was advocating have now come into
being and if he had received the same support that
others have since.
Rudder was a great man and he did a great many things
for the university but it took him a long time, a
long time to come around to some of the things that
Morgan had already arrived at and if he had
received the same support that Rudder received
later, he probably would have moved along faster.
And what do you regard as some of the more
outstanding changes that have occurred at Texas
A&M? Well, size and numbers and of course things
that I've already mentioned about women and
blacks and military. Now when did you retire? Well
I officially retired in 62 and then as I say I was
called back in spring of 63 to to teach my course all
over again. You've been quite active since you did
retire in doing many things. Could you give us kind
of a chronological description of your
activities since you retired? Well the first
couple years we felt that we had earned some time so
we did some visiting. We went to India and Japan and
the Middle East and so on and we had a son living in
Canada so we traveled a great deal over Canada and
Mexico and just really traveled around a bit and
then I had a little health problem in in 68 and
January 69 and had an operation and about that time
the Brazos County Community Council was formed
actually formed in June of 68 but I didn't become
interested in it much until after I recovered a bit
from my operation in the spring of 69 and it was one
of these things that was well conceived. To my mind
it needed something that would keep it going, some
activity, day by day activity. I don't think you
can keep a group together and just hold a monthly
meeting or a quarterly meeting and talk about
things and then don't do anything. So I said we
ought to have an information referral office. I
had been following one of these things in Kansas
City area and knew a good deal about what they did
and so on and it was apparent that there was a great
many people in this area in the lower income sector
and in the poverty sector that had problems for
which they couldn't provide a solution and they
didn't know where to go to find a solution. They
needed a center to which they could come and
describe their problems or sit, there'd be
somebody to sit down with them and talk and after a
while you would identify what the real problem
was. They may have said they need money but they had
a problem with it but they didn't know how to manage
money or that they had too many kids and hence they
always needed money or a number of reasons why they
didn't have enough money but then there were
problems of every sort and description and there
were problems for which there were agencies
already in existence the word information and
referral the referral part of it of course refers
to the fact that we would refer people after we
identified a problem we would refer people to the
welfare the Bryan City Mission or the Salvation
Army or the rehabilitation whatever it was it was
set up to work on that particular problem the
information was to accumulate a vast reservoir of
information regarding all of the social agencies
in the area what to do and what their telephone
numbers are and the people who run them and so it was
to be able to make a proper referral because no use
in my sending somebody to social security if it
isn't a social security problem and likewise
welfare or rehabilitation or anything else I had
to know what these various agencies do So I had to
accumulate the information and instead of
keeping it to myself, we published it as a
directory of social services. And we're working
now on our fourth one, which means that we're just
constantly updating these directories of social
service. Well, the
main object, in a few words, the purpose of the
Brazos County Community Council occupied about
that much in the Constitution. But I can express it
in a few words that the purpose of the Bradley
County Community Council was to find unfilled
needs in the area and do something about it. And
also look for duplication and overlap, but that
was not a serious problem. But to find the unfilled
needs, well, I felt that the information referral
office was an unfilled need and we did something
about it. Then there was a need for transportation
among the poor people who can't get to a doctor or
can't get to a hospital or can't get to groceries or
can't cash their checks or anything. So we set up a
roadrunner service and since we had room in our
office we said we'll try to run it and now we have a
man who does nothing but scheduled roadrunner
calls and called the roadrunners, and that's all
he does. Three hours a day, five days a week. He's
also a volunteer. He is also a volunteer. And then
we had a thing we thought was needed, but
apparently it wasn't. It was a telephone
reassurance service for people who are homebound
or housebound or in a wheelchair or something. We
thought it would be nice if somebody called them up
every day to ask them how they were and whether they
were getting along all right, whether they needed
anything. Certainly. But we found many more
people willing to do the calling than we did people
who wanted to be called, so this kind of blew up. But
then we, then the summer of 62, no 72, we were asked
by the Governor's Committee on Aging, that is the
Bradley County Community Council was asked, if we
would sponsor a thing called the Retired Senior
Volunteer Program. And we demonstrated to them
that we were capable of doing this, and they said,
all right, you're it. So now the Braddock County
Community Council, considering it as a holding
company or overriding company, we have one
operating group, the Information Referral, and
another operating group, the Road Runners, and
another operating group, the RSVP. That's what
I've been doing about Oh, 15, 20 hours a week now for
about five years. Excuse me. Now, this might be
someone needing a ride to Galveston. Yes, maybe.
Some of my clients have. But that's what I do, but I
have a couple of other things that I'm vastly
interested in. The major one, of course, is the
Junior Museum of Natural History. This is a going
thing. I wanted it for a while, and... have a number
of exhibits over there. We have a lot of artifacts
and rocks and minerals and birds and ducks and all
sorts of things, but the major thrust of the museum
is education of the children in nature and
science.